I wonder if there is a possibility
The fingerprints on this autopsy are from my right hand
And you just drew
It's my left hand
Do you remember the autopsy?
Is the fingerprint left or right?
This
I can't remember this little one.
What do you do?
So what?
At most, can't you just draw the duck again?
That's it, draw it again
Make you a stinky woman completely ashamed
No one asked him to draw ducks
I'll do it myself
This lady's golden body was also touched by you.
Yo you stinky fake
The shelves are still on
You can draw and bet.
But if it proves that I am the real Miss Lin Mansion
How should you deal with it?
How do you deal with it?
According to the rules of the Lin consortium
Wu Ni Sect Chief Ninja Get out of Lin Mansion
Free all property
Would you bet?
It seems that you don't dare to?
Since you can't be sure of my authenticity
Then there's no need to waste time
It's all gone
Bet on it